[DOCS-1127] Write App UI landing page (#1268)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/app/_index.md

  default:
    identifier: w-b-app-ui-reference
    parent: models
title: W&B App UI
url: guides/app
aliases:
- /guides/models/app/features
---

> This section provides details to help you use the W&B App UI, which you can access from a web browser. The W&B App UI is a key component of W&B Multi-tenant Cloud, W&B Dedicated Cloud, and W&B Self-Managed deployments, and allows you to configure manage your deployment. Manage workspaces, teams, and registries, visualize and observe experiments, create panels and reports, configure automations, and more.

Reviewer: Let's highlight how the App UI is used for ML experiments (since that's the main selling point of our product), then mention it's availability on all deployment types.

```suggestion
This section provides details to help you use the W&B App UI. Manage workspaces, teams, and registries, visualize and observe experiments, create panels and reports, configure automations, and more.

Access the W&B App in a web browser. 

- A W&B Multi-tenant deployment is accessible on the public web at https://wandb.ai/.
- A W&B Dedicated Cloud deployment is accessible at the domain you configured when you signed up for W&B Dedicated Cloud. An admin user can update the domain in the W&B Management Console. Click on the icon in the top right corner and then click **System console**.
- A W&B Self-Managed deployment is accessible at the hostname you configured when you deployed W&B. For example, if you deploy using Helm, the hostname is configured in `values.global.host`. An admin user can update the domain in the W&B Management Console. Click on the icon in the top right corner and then click **System console**.
```

Author: LMK what you think about this edit of your edit?
